CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

1. Check the [ISSUES](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/web3-ui/issues). Read every issue to understand what's needed and whether it's something you can help with.

2. Ask other contributors to see if no one has taken the issue yet. If you're interested in tackling such a feature and it's still available, we will assign you to the task.

3. Clone the repo and create your own branch using `git checkout -b your_branch_name`. Remember to use a branch name that describes WHAT you're doing/fixing.

4. Setup your local development environment. Instructions [here](#local-development).

5. Once your work is done with the local copy of the repo, don't hesitate to open a pull request. We'll gladly revise and push as deemed fit.

6. Feel free to add new issues as you read the code and find inconsistencies and/or possible features that may add up to the website. Follow the labeling standards to make it easier to understand what you're proposing.

7. Document changes and/or issues clearly. Make it easy for everyone involved to understand your ideas/changes.

If you are developing on Windows see [this](/CONTRIBUTING_ON_WINDOWS.md) page for help on getting your environment setup.

## Local development

To setup your local dev environment:

```sh
# Install `yarn`, alternatives at https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
curl -o- -L https://yarnpkg.com/install.sh | bash

# Clone the repo
git clone git@github.com:Developer-DAO/web3-ui.git
cd web3-ui

# web3-ui uses Node 16. We recommend using nvm to locally manage node versions.
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.37.0/install.sh | bash
nvm install
# yarn install also runs `preconstruct dev`, which dynamically links all
# packages in the monorepo together.
yarn install
```

To verify setup, run the Storybook with `yarn storybook`. You can develop new or existing components/hooks and verify functionality in the Storybook.

Run all unit tests with `yarn test`. Run unit tests on only the package you're working on with `yarn test packages/<PACKAGE_NAME_HERE>`.

We use `husky` for pre-commit hooks to verify files are properly linted prior to committing. This will run automatically whenever adding or amending a commit.

## Creating a pull request

When you create a pull request a `changeset-bot` will tell you that you need to create a changeset, if your change has an effect on the published packages
all you need to do is run `yarn changeset` at the root. This will ask you whether your change is a patch (fixes a bug), a minor (adds a feature) or a major (breaking change)
select the one that applies and describe the change you did. This is used to automate our changelogging.

Commit message:

improved readme and contributors guild

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

1. If you find a bug, create a new [ISSUE](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/web3-ui/issues) first before working on a solution.
2. Check the [ISSUES](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/web3-ui/issues) and comment on the issue if you'd like to take it on.
3. Please consider that if taking on a issue, and no communication has been made on it's progress for over a week, you are no longer working on the issue and is available for someone else to pick up to work on.

4. Create a fork of the repo.

5. Create your own branch using `git checkout -b your_branch_name`. Remember to use a branch name that describes WHAT you're doing/fixing. Start branch name with

   - feat: A new feature
   - fix: A bug fix
   - docs: Changes to documentation
   - style: Formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no code change
   - refactor: Refactoring production code
   - test: Adding tests, refactoring test; no production code change
   - chore: Updating build tasks, package manager configs, etc; no production code change

6. Setup your local development environment. Instructions [here](#local-development).

7. Once your work is done with the local copy of the repo, don't hesitate to open a pull request. We'll gladly revise and push as deemed fit.

8. Feel free to add new issues as you read the code and find inconsistencies and/or possible features that may add up to the website. Follow the labeling standards to make it easier to understand what you're proposing.

9. Document changes and/or issues clearly. Make it easy for everyone involved to understand your ideas/changes.

If you are developing on Windows see [this](/contributing/CONTRIBUTING_ON_WINDOWS.md) page for help on getting your environment setup.

## Local development

To setup your local dev environment:

```sh
# Install `yarn`, alternatives at https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
curl -o- -L https://yarnpkg.com/install.sh | bash

# Clone the repo
git clone git@github.com:Developer-DAO/web3-ui.git
cd web3-ui

# web3-ui uses Node 16. We recommend using nvm to locally manage node versions.
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.37.0/install.sh | bash
nvm install
# yarn install also runs `preconstruct dev`, which dynamically links all
# packages in the monorepo together.
yarn install
```

A playground has been created to help with faster development. To start the playground run `yarn dev`. This will run 2 services, one a Next JS environment, which is found in the playground folder, for viewing and working with elements/components as the end user would, and another to watch for changes within the packages/components folder.

Storybook will be used as a reference for the end user of the library. All elements/components created should have a working storybook and test file associated.

To verify in Storybook, run with `yarn storybook`. You can view and develop new or existing elements/components and verify functionality in the Storybook.

Run all unit tests with `yarn test`. Run unit tests on only the package you're working on with `yarn test packages/<PACKAGE_NAME_HERE>`.

We use `husky` for pre-commit hooks to verify files are properly linted prior to committing. This will run automatically whenever adding or amending a commit.

## Creating a pull request

When you create a pull request a `changeset-bot` will tell you that you need to create a changeset, if your change has an effect on the published packages
all you need to do is run `yarn changeset` at the root. This will ask you whether your change is a patch (fixes a bug), a minor (adds a feature) or a major (breaking change)
select the one that applies and describe the change you did. This is used to automate our changelogging.
